this wonderful birthday card has six
secret wishes buried in it and for the
receiver it is a great game to find all
these wishes when you play with it just
like this secret wish happy birthday and
you can make this card with just a
simple strip of paper it's also called
the hexa hexaflexagon just take a
colored sheet of a4 size paper and with
a ruler cut two long rectangular strips
of the width as much as the ruler join
them to make a long strip and now fold
at one end in three equal parts so that
each of the fold will be 30 degrees each
we want to fold equilateral triangles so
we will ignore the first 30-degree part
and that's the 60-degree angle and now
we will start folding equilateral
triangles like a ribbon fold it on the
side again fold it on the side to the
end and keep doing it for the whole
strip because we want to make 19 such
triangles and it opens up like a long
strip of paper with inverted and
straight triangles back to back 1 3 6 9
12 15 18 and 19 you will cut off the
remaining strip and the first 30-degree
part of the strip and now we have this
long strip with 19 triangles over the
first triangle down and then start
folding this strip on itself one over
the other so that you get another
rectangular strip almost 1/2 in length
this toy was invented by a British
mathematician Arthur stone at Princeton
the first triangle is underneath and the
19th one is on top now after the first
fools we will fold this trip under it
and then again fold under it and then
bring the last part back on top so that
the nineteen part faces up bring it back
down so that it is facing on the first
one and then apply glue and paste this
on the first triangle and our hexa
hexaflexagon is ready to flex it's
called the hexa hexaflexagon because
it's a hexagon and it's a paper which
flexes so flex again and it has six
different phases so hexa hexaflexagon
this is the second phase start flexing
the third one shows up keep playing
again and magically if you turn the
fourth one shows up and the fifth one
and the sixth one is the hardest to find
but if you keep playing you will get it
so you can write all six different
birthday wishes for your friends and
family and wish them with this wonderful
toy and you don't have to go to any
market or any mall to buy this car so
enjoy playing with a flexor camp and
gifting it to all your friends
happy birthday once again
you